Update inline_image_push.md (#1532)
Appboy/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/push_notifications/inline_image_push.md

![Android Inline Image Push example]({% image_buster /assets/img/android/push/inline_image_push_android_1.png %}){: style="float:right;max-width:30%;margin-left:15px;border: 0;"}

> Use the Inline Image push type to showcase your push notification images so users won't have to manually expand the message as required with a standard push type.

# Usage Requirements

> This new notification type requires the Braze Android SDK v10.0.0 or greater, and Android M+ devices or newer.

Author: ```suggestion
This new notification type requires the Braze Android SDK v10.0.0+, and Android M+ devices.
```

![Android Inline Image Push example]({% image_buster /assets/img/android/push/inline_image_push_android_1.png %}){: style="float:right;max-width:30%;margin-left:15px;border: 0;"}

> > Showcase your push notification's image using an Inline Image push so users won't have to manually expand a standard push to enlarge its image.

Author: ```suggestion
> Showcase a larger image within your Android push notification using Inline Image push. With this design, users won't have to manually expand the push to enlarge the image.
```

# Usage Requirements

{% alert tip %}

> No additional integration or SDK changes are required to use this feature!. Devices or SDKs which don't meet the minimum version requirements will instead show a standard big image push notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No additional integration or SDK changes are required to use this feature!. Devices or SDKs which don't meet the minimum version requirements will instead show a standard big image push notification.
```

> No additional integration or SDK changes are required to use this feature!. Devices or SDKs which don't meet the minimum version requirements will instead show a standard big image push notifications.

Author: ```suggestion
No additional integration or SDK changes are required to use this feature!. Devices or SDKs which don't meet the minimum version requirements will instead show a standard big image push notification.
```

{% endalert %}

> - This notification type requires the Braze Android SDK v10.0.0+, and Android M+ devices. Unsupported devices or SDKs will fallback to the standard big image push notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This notification type requires the Braze Android SDK v10.0.0+ and Android M+ devices. Unsupported devices or SDKs will fallback to the standard big image push notification.
```
